README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 💫 Hi there! I'm Naufal 🛠️

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00C9FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Korea+Univerisity+%7C+Undergrads;Research+%26+Innovation+Driven;Transforming+Ideas+into+Solutions)](https://github.com/your-username)

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=your-username&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/your-username?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&color=blue&labelColor=black)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](www.linkedin.com/in/naufal-kamaruddin-67b1171b0)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:your-email@example.com)

</div>

---

<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/naufalkmd/naufalkmd/main/Assets/coding.gif">

## 🎯 **About Me**

> **Research-Driven Engineer** | **Cloud & Security Enthusiast** | **Continuous Learner**

- 🎓 Currently pursuing **Bachelor's degrees in Computer Science and Engineering (CSE)**
- ☁️ Skilled in **Vibe Coding & System Thinker**
- 🔐 Interested in **Data Science & Cloud Computing**
- 🛠️ Passionate about building **combining academic research with real-world practice**

---

## 🛠️ **Tech Stack**

<div align="center">

### ☁️ Cloud & Infrastructure

![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0089D0?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326ce5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-5C4EE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)

### 🔐 Security

![Defender](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20Defender-00A4EF?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white)
![Sentinel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure%20Sentinel-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![Zero Trust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zero%20Trust-FF6B6B?style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white)

### 💻 Development & Automation

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-5391FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📊 **GitHub Analytics**

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=naufalkmd&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="GitHub Stats"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=naufalkmd&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact" alt="Top Languages"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=naufalkmd&theme=dark&hide_border=false" alt="GitHub Streak"/>
</p>

---

## 🚀 **Featured Projects**

| Project                        | Description                                                     | Tech Stack           | Status      |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ----------- |
| 🔐 Lockerspace                 | Social Media Dating Apps for Malaysian-Korean Student's Society | Azure, KQL, Power BI | 🚀 Active   |
| 🎹 Chromesthesia Chord Engine | ML-based System that transforms musical chords into visuals     | Python               | ✅ Complete |
| 🤖 AI Threat Detection         | ML-based anomaly detection for cloud logs                       | Python, TensorFlow   | 🔬 Research |

---

## 🎓 **Certifications & Education**

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft-Azure%20Certified-0089D0?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cybersecurity-Research-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-scholar&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---

⭐ **Star this repo if you like my profile!**

Commit message:

Add Anyfile Converter project to README

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 💫 Hi there! I'm Naufal 🛠️

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00C9FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Korea+Univerisity+%7C+Undergrads;Research+%26+Innovation+Driven;Transforming+Ideas+into+Solutions)](https://github.com/your-username)

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=your-username&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/your-username?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&color=blue&labelColor=black)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](www.linkedin.com/in/naufal-kamaruddin-67b1171b0)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:your-email@example.com)

</div>

---

<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/naufalkmd/naufalkmd/main/Assets/coding.gif">

## 🎯 **About Me**

> **Research-Driven Engineer** | **Cloud & Security Enthusiast** | **Continuous Learner**

- 🎓 Currently pursuing **Bachelor's degrees in Computer Science and Engineering (CSE)**
- ☁️ Skilled in **Vibe Coding & System Thinker**
- 🔐 Interested in **Data Science & Cloud Computing**
- 🛠️ Passionate about building **combining academic research with real-world practice**

---

## 🛠️ **Tech Stack**

<div align="center">

### ☁️ Cloud & Infrastructure

![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0089D0?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326ce5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-5C4EE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)

### 🔐 Security

![Defender](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20Defender-00A4EF?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white)
![Sentinel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure%20Sentinel-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![Zero Trust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zero%20Trust-FF6B6B?style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white)

### 💻 Development & Automation

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-5391FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📊 **GitHub Analytics**

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=naufalkmd&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="GitHub Stats"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=naufalkmd&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact" alt="Top Languages"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=naufalkmd&theme=dark&hide_border=false" alt="GitHub Streak"/>
</p>

---

## 🚀 **Featured Projects**

| Project                        | Description                                                     | Tech Stack           | Status      |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ----------- |
| 🔐 Lockerspace                 | Social Media Dating Apps for Malaysian-Korean Student's Society | Azure, KQL, Power BI | 🚀 Active   |
| Anyfile Converter              | Command-line tool that converts documents, and bridges AI assistants' inability to inspect binary files | ✅ Complete   |
| 🎹 Chromesthesia Chord Engine | ML-based System that transforms musical chords into visuals     | Python               | ✅ Complete |
| 🤖 AI Threat Detection         | ML-based anomaly detection for cloud logs                       | Python, TensorFlow   | 🔬 Research |

---

## 🎓 **Certifications & Education**

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft-Azure%20Certified-0089D0?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cybersecurity-Research-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-scholar&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---

⭐ **Star this repo if you like my profile!**
